# 2.1

Ben and Jack go to the same school.

Bad driving causes

The museum closes at 4 O’clock on Sundays.

My parents live in a very small flat.

The Olympic Games takes(X) take(O) place every four years.

The Panama Canal connects Atlantic and Pacific oceans.


# 2.2

What time does(X) do(O) the banks close here?

I have a car, but I do not use it much. (Or often?🤔)

Where does Maria come from? Is she Spanish?

What do you do? I'm electrician.

Look at this sentence. What does this word mean?

David isn’t very fit. He does not do any sport.

It take(x) takes(o) me an hour to get to work in the morning. 

How long do it take you?(x)

How long do you take it?🤔(x)

How long does it take you?🤔(o)

# 2.3

The sun rise(x) rises(o) in the east.

Bees make honey.

Vegetarians do not eat meat.

An atheist do(X) does(O)  not believe in God.

An interpreter do translate from one language into another.(X)

An interpreter translates from one language into another. (O)

Liars are people who do not tell the truth.

The River Amazon flows into the Atlantic Ocean.

# 2.4

How often(X) does your sister plays tennis?

How often do you go cinema? (X)

How often do you go to the cinema?(O)

Hey Lisa what does your brother do?

Hey Lisa do you speak Spanish?

Hey Lisa where do your grandparents live?

# 2.5

I won’t tell anybody what you said. I promise!

You must let me pay for the meal. I insist!

I apologize for what I said. I shouldn’t have said it.

The new restaurant in Baker Street is very good I recommend it.

I think you’re absolutely right. I agree with you.	
